hey it's Heather and today I'm going to
give you a quick rundown on the January
2009 food magazines I have four here the
ones that I typically read Bon Appetit
gourmet food and wine and everyday food
i'm going to start with bone appetit
which gets the best redesign of 2008
award it is very web friendly at a
glance integrates beautifully with their
website and it has pasta on the cover
which is something that these all seem
to share they even have pasta or Italian
food in my theory is well economy home
what better than the delicious Italian
food featuring pasta also it's no longer
such a scary bad car but people are
welcoming pasta back cook at al dente
it's really good alright so my favorite
article in Bon Appetit today is well
exactly yummy it's about mercury mercury
in fish important thing to be aware of
it's a short article it's not going to
scare you but mercury it basically gets
into fish from the pollution in the air
the bigger the fish the top of the food
chain like tuna the more you should
restrict it but do not stop eating fish
it's a really good for you so that's
worth a read if you get this magazine ah
the next magazine I want to talk about
is classic gold standard gourmet their
feature is italian-american food which
for a while people giving a little shade
20 red sauce oh all that pasta it's
fabulous I lived in little italy in New
York it does not get better and this is
actually I cooked a dish from this I did
not do a red sauce I did a beautiful
chicken dish that originally calls for
rabbit but happily gourmet didn't make
me cook rabbit see that is that not
fabulous it's a good recipe not that
simple in that gourmet like some of
these other magazines demands a little
knowledge so you have to start with a
chicken that you would cut into 12
pieces okay I can do that you may do
that ask your butcher to or just get
chicken and pieces and I'll be real
easy to do the recipe calls for two
chickens they mean to small chickens so
if you get a four or five pounder by all
means just use one it's tricky it calls
for a sheet pan with sides you're going
to put wine in it I think and go with
little deeper dish casserole just to be
safer hi oven go with that hot off and
browse up really beautifully and they
suggest a polenta that takes 40 minutes
I did mine in a minute is it better than
40 minutes yes but it's perfectly fine
in a minute I will taste it later but
first I want to move on to food and wine
which actually also features Italian
food this is a sober dish they have
which is a pasta and italian dishes you
must try this year so good to know the
difference is is that food & wine
magazine i truly love Lettie Teague
great wine writer food and wine has
Italian dishes that come from restaurant
so it's a little high and not exactly
home cooks on them is but so that is it
for example this one this looking a
little Mexican no no not a quesadilla it
is called a piadina it is a flat bread
that is used to wrap things in Italian
food and I'm sure it's delicious but
I've never tasted it so I don't want to
try that I'd like to know exactly what
I'm getting too and I do a recipe so
that's my take on food wine this month
so i'm going to give a little taste to
my dish here my chicken polenta and
broccoli rabe dish that i made from
gourmet i'm going to do side-by-side
comparison let's see okay this is their
dish this is mine not bad I followed the
chicken air speed to the letter I did my
own broccoli rabe and polenta I'm not
trying to do few recipes that are new
and one sitting so I pulled a wine not a
white nor an Italian but I pulled a
Pinot Noir poppy which is California $19
about a little rich for my blood
typically but occasionally I we're going
to wash up and we sell this this is
definitely one of the favorites and
pinot noir perfect with chicken
something to get a little taste who has
pancetta bacon oh well that's going to
be delicious
take a look that is very nice a little
smoky bacon smooth polenta Pinot Noir
has a bright acidity but not too bright
balance is beautifully now i do want to
give one more shout out to what might be
my overall favorite magazine to
recommend to people I've done it before
I'm going to do it again everyday food
not filled with food stories all these
others have great food writing but this
has basic solid information and you know
it's not just for beginners it's nice
for people of all levels to get ideas
and it doesn't overload you for example
but this is a good reminder whether you
are a seasoned professional chef or
somebody new in the kitchen when you're
looking at store labels in the grocery
store you need to read between the lines
when something says reduced doesn't that
mean it's low-fat I mean think about
reduced from what reduced from being an
incredibly high fat high sodium food so
it just reminds you in very simple ways
and it offers I mean really good whole
food recipes not too many steps so
that's my shout out for everyday food
and there it is January 2009 for wines
for recipes for much much more please
her website so good TV